README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md with project details and instructions
- Added a detailed project description, including features and technologies used.
- Included instructions on how to clone and run the project locally.
- Mentioned contact information for feedback or inquiries.

README.md, after:

# Milestone 2: Portfolio Website

This is my Milestone 2 project for building a personal portfolio website using Next.js and custom CSS.

## Project Description

The portfolio website consists of three main pages:
- **Home**: An introduction and a warm welcome to visitors, along with a brief overview of my work.
- **About**: Information about me, including my background, education, and passion for web development.
- **Contact**: Details on how to reach me, including my email address.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for server-side rendering and static site generation.
- **Custom CSS**: Used for layout and styling.
- **React**: For building reusable UI components.

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: The website is fully responsive and works well on different screen sizes.
- **Navigation Bar**: Easy navigation between pages using a styled navbar.
- **Image Support**: Profile image displayed on the home page with custom styling.
- **Contact Section**: Users can find ways to contact me directly from the website.

## How to Run the Project

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kiranMushtaque/milestone2-css-portfolio.git
